Hello Bar Solo License Agreement

Last Updated: 2011, December 23

PLEASE READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT (“LICENSE”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING 
THE HELLO BAR SOLO SOFTWARE (AS DEFINED BELOW). BY USING THE HELLO BAR SOLO 
SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. IF YOU DO
NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SOFTWARE. IF THESE
TERMS ARE CONSIDERED AN OFFER, ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO THESE TERMS.

Grant of License Subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions of 
this License, digital-telepathy, Inc. (“dt” or “digital-telepathy”) hereby 
grants you (and only you) a limited, personal, non-sublicensable (except as set
forth below), non-transferable, nonexclusive license to use the Hello Bar Solo
software and documentation accompanying this License, whether on disk, memory 
or an any other media or in any other form. As between you and dt, title, 
ownership rights, and intellectual property rights in and to the Hello Bar Solo
Software, and any copies or portions thereof, shall remain in dt and its 
suppliers or licensors. No other rights, express or implied, are granted by 
this license, and dt reserves all rights not expressly granted to you herein.

Restrictions You may not modify, decompile, duplicate reverse-engineer or 
attempt to discover the source code or structure, sequence or organization of 
the Hello Bar Solo Software. Without limiting the foregoing, no support will be
provided by dt. You may not remove any proprietary notices from the Hello Bar 
Solo Software, including any copy of this License provided therewith. Except as
expressly set forth in this License, you may not distribute, rent, lease, 
sublicense, lend or sell any version of the Hello Bar Solo Software to any 
other person or business. The Software may not be used for, or in conjunction 
with, any illegal services, products or practices whatsoever.

Fees You agree to pay all applicable fees with respect to the Hello Bar Solo 
Software (“Fees”), which Fees are set forth on (i) the Hello Bar Solo website, 
or (ii) a separate written order form accepted in writing by dt. The license 
rights granted under Section 1 hereof are subject to your payment of all Fees.

Termination This License is effective until terminated. Your rights under this 
License will terminate automatically without notice from dt if you fail to 
comply with any of the terms of this License. Upon termination of this License, 
you shall cease all use of the Hello Bar Solo Software and destroy all copies, 
full or partial, of the Hello Bar Solo Software. Sections 2 through 15 shall 
survive any termination or expiration of this License.

Disclaimer of Warranties YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE USE OF 
THE HELLO BAR SOLO SOFTWARE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT RISK IS ACCEPTABLE TO 
YOU. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF 
ANY KIND. DIGITAL-TELEPATHY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH 
RESPECT TO THE HELLO BAR SOLO SOFTWARE, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, 
OF ACCURACY AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS. DT DOES NOT WARRANT 
THAT THE HELLO BAR SOLO SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, WILL BE 
UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL BE COMPATIBLE WITH OTHER 
THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, SERVERS OR PLATFORMS. THIS DISCLAIMER CONSTITUTES AN 
ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE. THIS LICENSE SUPERSEDES ALL CLAIMS MADE ORALLY 
OR IN WRITING OUTSIDE OF THIS LICENSE.

Indemnity You agree that dt shall have no liability whatsoever for any use you 
or any third party make of the Hello Bar Solo Software. You hereby agree to 
indemnify and hold harmless digital-telepathy from any and all damages, 
liability, costs, and expenses (including attorney’s fees) arising from claims 
related to your use, and your customers’ use, of the Software.

Limitation on Liability TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL 
DIGITAL-TELEPATHY OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER 
PERSON FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR 
LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY 
OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR 
INABILITY TO USE THE HELLO BAR SOLO SOFTWARE, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE
THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, TORT OR OTHERWISE). Some 
jurisdictions do not allow for the limitation of liability for personal injury 
or of incidental or consequential damages, so this limitation may not apply to 
you. In no event shall dt’s aggregate liability to you for all damages exceed 
the amount paid BY YOU for the software license.

Export Restrictions You may not use or otherwise export/re-export the Hello Bar 
Solo Software except as authorized by United States law. The Hello Bar Solo 
Software may not be exported or re-exported to (1) any U.S. embargoed countries 
or (2) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated 
Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons List or Entity 
List. By using the Hello Bar Solo Software, you represent and warrant that 
you are not located in any country or on any such list.

Injunctive Relief Because of the proprietary nature of the Hello Bar Solo 
Software, you understand that dt will suffer irreparable injury in the event 
that you fail to comply with the terms of this License, and that monetary 
damages will be inadequate to compensate dt for such breach. Accordingly, you 
agree that dt will, in addition to any other remedies available to it at law or
in equity be entitled to injunctive relief to enforce the terms of this License.

Governing Law This License will be governed and construed in accordance with 
the laws of the State of California. If, for any reason, a court of competent 
jurisdiction finds any provision, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, 
such provision or portion thereof shall be reformed only to the extent 
necessary to make it enforceable, and the remainder of this License shall 
continue in full force and effect.

Refunds & Support The Hello Bar Solo Software is sold “AS IS” and there are no 
refunds. All software has bugs, and if you discover one, please let us know. 
While we will do our best to fix them in later releases; however, this License 
does not entitle you to any support, upgrades, patches, enhancements, or fixes 
for the Hello Bar Solo Software (collectively, "Support"). Without limiting 
the foregoing, any such Support for the Hello Bar Solo Software that may be 
made available by dt shall become part of the Hello Bar Solo Software and 
subject to this License.

Platform Compatibility Hello Bar Solo officially supports and is tested to work 
with current versions of Firefox, Safari, Chrome, Opera and IE7+. Hello Bar 
Solo cannot be guaranteed to, but may work in other web browsers and older 
versions of the web browsers officially supported. Hello Bar Solo will only be 
updated, patched and enhanced for the officially supported web browsers listed 
in this section.

Complete Agreement This License constitutes the entire agreement between the 
parties with respect to the use of the Hello Bar Solo Software. It supersedes 
all prior agreements and understandings regarding the Hello Bar Solo Software. 
No modification or amendment of this License will be binding unless provided in 
writing, and signed by an authorized signatory of digital-telepathy.

Waiver All waivers under this Agreement must be in writing. Any waiver or 
failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement on one occasion will not be 
deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any 
other occasion.

Assignment This License is personal to you and you shall not assign or transfer 
the License or the Hello Bar Solo Software to any third party under any 
circumstances. Dt may freely assign its rights and obligations under 
this License.
